doc: update doc on adding kill statement support (#1515)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/18.0/reference/compatibility/mysql-compatibility.md

### Killing running queries

Vitess added support for killing running queries via the `KILL` command through VTGate in v18.

> To use the kill query statement, a new connection is requires as the current connection will be busy executing the query itself.?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the kill query statement, a new connection is required as the current connection will be busy executing the query.
```

> Similarly, how mysql client does on `ctrl+c` on the shell.

Reviewer: Can you rewrite this sentence? It is not grammatical.

Reviewer 2: `Similar to how MySQL client behaves on...` or `Exactly like MySQL, when the client...`

Alternatively, 

> - [query_timeout_ms](../../../user-guides/configuration-advanced/comment-directives/#query-timeouts-query_timeout_ms) query comment directive can be set to have query timeout which will ensure that the query either return result or abort within that time.

Reviewer: Should be rewritten to be grammatical. I recommend ChatGPT as copy editor 😄

- [mysql_server_query_timeout](../../programs/vtgate/) command line flag can be set on VTGate to have a default timeout.

> Vitess have strict query timeouts for OLTP workloads (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vitess does have strict query timeouts for OLTP workloads (see below).
```

### Workload

By default, Vitess sets some intentional restrictions on the execution time and number of rows that a query can return. This default workload mode is called `OLTP`. This can be disabled by setting the workload to `OLAP`:
```sql
SET workload='olap'
```

> These timeout are present on [vttablet](../../programs/vttablet/) like `queryserver-config-query-timeout`, `queryserver-config-transaction-timeout`

Reviewer: Not sure why this new sentence is added here. What are you trying to convey?
That these are the timeouts enforced by vttablet (as a follow up to the previous statement)? Or is the intent to tell people what the flags are to override the defaults?

Author: improved the docs with next commit.
